I'm David T Duddias, expert in corporate and legal claims; I'm a partner at Thomson & Associates. I am contacting you in regards to a deceased client who died in an auto accident on the Madrid Highway in lV{arch 2005, he was a prominent client of mine. FIe happens to share the same LdST N.{ME with you. Before his death, my client deposited (22million$) at the vault of a financial institution here in Europe, documentations regarding these transaction indicates that claims can only be made by his relativelfamily member. Unforhrnately he had no will at the time of his death. All efforts made revealed no link to any of his family member. However, the New EU law of succession/claims/fund indicates a duration in which such claims could be tolerated. The financial institution have mandated me to present the next of kin or a relative who will claim the funds and Failure to respond to this ultimatum would legally allow the financial institute to report this funds to the central bank of EU as unclaimed funds(Lacle of supersede). I and my colleague have put in place all necessary requirements concerning the release of this funds and It is my intention to introduce this opportunity to you as the beneficiary. Please note that I'm legally equipped with all necessary information/documentations concerning this fund. Upon your decision of acceptance, I would process the release of these funds to your possession; you would be entitled to 50Yo of the said funds and 50o/o for me For security reasons, I have decided not to add more information into this letter, but immediately you get in touch with me, I would be able to inform you on how this could be concluded. For time difference and confidential reasons, I strongly advise that you firstly contact me via fax or email" Its' been my wish to have an investment outside my country, so this is an opportunity for me to invest my share of these funds in your country. In conclusion, it's my concem to demand your ultimate honesty, co-operation and confidentiality to enable us conclude this transaction. I GUARANTEE that this process would be executed under a legitimate affangement that would legally protect you from any breech of Law. David T Duddias Private Phone: +346207 1 2204 Email: dth5 85 B@yahoo.es OR dth5 85 8@aim"com Best regards and thank you for your time
